readme.md, before:

#About this Apps
## Up the Apps
#### Deploy Local
* pull [this-repo] as [this-repo-on-local]
* cd to [this-repo-on-local]
* ensure you have the `.env` file, if not just make with command `cp .env.example .env`
* execute command `composer install`
* execute the bash file `serve.sh` to start the development server on your local

#### Event Broadcast
Event broadcast using `log` as driver. So, broadcasted event can be check on `storage/log/lumen.log`

#### Postman Collection
[Postman Link Collection](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/381955/SWLccUAK?version=latest)

#### Test
* execute command `vendor/bin/phpunit tests/Message --debug`


# Lumen PHP Framework

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/laravel/lumen-framework.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/laravel/lumen-framework)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/lumen-framework/d/total.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/lumen-framework)
[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/lumen-framework/v/stable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/lumen-framework)
[![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/lumen-framework/v/unstable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/lumen-framework)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/lumen-framework/license.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/lumen-framework)

Laravel Lumen is a stunningly fast PHP micro-framework for building web applications with expressive, elegant syntax. We believe development must be an enjoyable, creative experience to be truly fulfilling. Lumen attempts to take the pain out of development by easing common tasks used in the majority of web projects, such as routing, database abstraction, queueing, and caching.

## Official Documentation

Documentation for the framework can be found on the [Lumen website](https://lumen.laravel.com/docs).

## Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a security vulnerability within Lumen, please send an e-mail to Taylor Otwell at taylor@laravel.com. All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.

## License

The Lumen framework is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

update readme add issues link

readme.md, after:

# About this Apps
## Up the Apps
#### Deploy Local
* pull [this-repo] as [this-repo-on-local]
* cd to [this-repo-on-local]
* ensure you have the `.env` file, if not just make with command `cp .env.example .env`
* execute command `composer install`
* execute the bash file `serve.sh` to start the development server on your local

#### Event Broadcast
Event broadcast using `log` as driver. So, broadcasted event can be check on `storage/log/lumen.log`

#### Postman Collection
[Postman Link Collection](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/381955/SWLccUAK?version=latest)

#### Test
* execute command `vendor/bin/phpunit tests/Message --debug`

#### Todo a.k.a Unfinished Works
Kindly check on [Issues](https://github.com/pararang/lumen-chat/issues)

# Lumen PHP Framework

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/laravel/lumen-framework.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/laravel/lumen-framework)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/lumen-framework/d/total.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/lumen-framework)
[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/lumen-framework/v/stable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/lumen-framework)
[![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/lumen-framework/v/unstable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/lumen-framework)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/lumen-framework/license.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/lumen-framework)

Laravel Lumen is a stunningly fast PHP micro-framework for building web applications with expressive, elegant syntax. We believe development must be an enjoyable, creative experience to be truly fulfilling. Lumen attempts to take the pain out of development by easing common tasks used in the majority of web projects, such as routing, database abstraction, queueing, and caching.

## Official Documentation

Documentation for the framework can be found on the [Lumen website](https://lumen.laravel.com/docs).

## Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a security vulnerability within Lumen, please send an e-mail to Taylor Otwell at taylor@laravel.com. All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.

## License

The Lumen framework is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
